Clear stream before emitting error (#998)
Baseflow/flutter-geolocator: geolocator_platform_interface/CHANGELOG.md

## 4.0.4

> - Fix listening location to stream immediately on error

Reviewer: We try to write change log entries starting with a third person singular verb. How about something like:

```suggestion
- Fixes a bug where listening to the position stream immediately after an error, results in listening to a dead stream. 
```

Author: Done, thanks
